docs: cleanup ADR-001 (#1086)
umee-network/umee: docs/architecture/ADR-001-interest-stream.md

## Changelog

> - September 10, 2021: Initial Draft (@toteki)
> - Jul 2, 2022: Simplification and Formatting (@toteki)

Author: ```suggestion
- September 10, 2021: Initial draft (@toteki)
- Jul 2, 2022: Cleanup and simplify (@toteki)
```

>
> The balance of uTokens grows over time by the underlying interest rate applied to the deposits. uTokens will employ an interest stream mechanism which means that a balance of uTokens will constantly generate income even when split or transferred.

> Interest on uTokens should function in at least the following scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interest on uTokens must be applied in at least the following scenarios:
```

>
> The only way to unlock the locked tokens on blockchain A is to send the voucher token back from blockchain B. The result is that the voucher token on blockchain B is burned. The burn process purposefully takes the tokens out of circulation.

> Behavior over IBC (and Ethereum) bridges can be expected to follow this pattern, where the _amount_ of uTokens transferred is represented faithfully, but and complex _behavior_ of uTokens is lost.

Author: ```suggestion
Behavior over IBC (and Ethereum) bridges can be expected to follow this pattern, where the _amount_ of uTokens transferred is represented faithfully, but any complex _behavior_ of uTokens is lost.
```

## Decision

"uToken to base asset exchange rate grows over time". This method is inspired by the Compound model, as illustrated in [the example found here](https://compound.finance/docs/ctokens#introduction)

- Requirement: Umee chain maintains `Token:Utoken` exchange rate for each token

> In this implementation, for each token type accepted by the `x/leverage` module, the Umee chain computes an "exchange rate" between the base asset and its associated uToken. The exchange rate starts equal to 1, and increases whenever interest accrues. Whenever a lender deposits or withdraws base assets for uToken, this exchange rate is used.

Author: ```suggestion
In this implementation, for each token type accepted by the `x/leverage` module, the Umee chain computes an "exchange rate" between the base asset and its associated uToken. The exchange rate starts equal to 1, and increases as interest accrues. Whenever a lender deposits or withdraws base assets for uToken, the current exchange rate is used.
```

Example scenario:

> Two lenders Alice and Bob provide `ATOM` to the asset facility at different times and earn interest. Assume that for the duration of this scenario, the interest on deposited uAtoms is 0.1 percent per week (or `1 ATOM` per week per `1000 ATOM` deposited).
>
> The asset facility starts with `0 ATOM` in custody and `0 u/ATOM` in circulation. The `u/ATOM` exchange rate starts at `1.0`.
>
> At a time we will label week=0, Alice deposits `2000 ATOM` and receives `2000 u/ATOM` per the exchange rate.
>

> > By week=1, the `u/ATOM` exchange rate has increased to `1.001` due to interest. While Alice's `2000 u/ATOM` are now worth `2002 ATOM` if redeemed.

Author: ```suggestion
> By week=1, the `u/ATOM` exchange rate has increased to `1.001` due to interest. Alice's `2000 u/ATOM` are now worth `2002 ATOM` if redeemed.
```

>
> By week=2, the `u/ATOM` exchange rate is `1.002` (technically `1.002001` due to compound interest, but approximate amount will be displayed here)
>

> > Also at week=2, Bob deposits `1000 ATOM`. Because the exchange rate has shifted, he receives `998 u/ATOM`, which is worth `1000 ATOM` if redeemed immediately.

Author: ```suggestion
> Also at week=2, Bob deposits `1000 ATOM`. Because the exchange rate has shifted, he receives `998 u/ATOM`,  worth `1000 ATOM` if redeemed immediately.
```

> > Also at week=2, Bob deposits `1000 ATOM`. Because the exchange rate has shifted, he receives `998 u/ATOM`, which are worth `1000 ATOM` if he were to redeem them immediately.

Author: ```suggestion
> Also at week=2, Bob deposits `1000 ATOM`. Because the exchange rate has shifted, he receives `998 u/ATOM`, which is worth `1000 ATOM` if he were to redeem them immediately.
```

>

> > By week=3, the `u/ATOM` exchange rate is `1.003`. Bob's `998 u/ATOM` are now worth `1001 ATOM` if redeemed. Alice's `2000 u/ATOM` is worth `2006 ATOM`.

Author: ```suggestion
> By week=3, the `u/ATOM` exchange rate is `1.003`. Bob's `998 u/ATOM` are now worth `1001 ATOM` if redeemed. Alice's `2000 u/ATOM` are worth `2006 ATOM`.
```

>
> The only way to unlock the locked tokens on blockchain A is to send the voucher token back from blockchain B. The result is that the voucher token on blockchain B is burned. The burn process purposefully takes the tokens out of circulation.

> Behavior over IBC (and Ethereum) bridges can be expected to follow this pattern, where the _amount_ of uTokens transferred is represented faithfully, but any complex _behavior_ of uTokens is lost.

Reviewer: I found that the original paragraph more clear (the "As an alternative" we can remove).

> Behavior over IBC (and Ethereum) bridges can be expected to follow this pattern, where the _amount_ of uTokens transferred is represented faithfully, but any complex _behavior_ of uTokens is lost.

Author: ```suggestion
This means that if uTokens are to be sent to other Cosmos blockchains, then the interest stream must apply equally to 'voucher tokens' on other chains. These chains are not likely to be running our code, so it is unclear how we would cause uToken balances sent via IBC to generate interest.

As an alternative, transfer of uTokens via IBC could be forbidden or unsupported - in that case, only the scenarios where uToken balances are held on Umee and Ethereum need to be addressed. This is highly undesirable.
```

## Decision

"uToken to base asset exchange rate grows over time". This method is inspired by the Compound model, as illustrated in [the example found here](https://compound.finance/docs/ctokens#introduction)

> - Requirement: Umee chain maintains `Token:Utoken` exchange rate for each token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Requirement: Umee chain maintains `Token:uToken` exchange rate for each token
```

Reviewer: or `u/Token` ;)

> In this implementation, for each token type accepted by the `x/leverage` module, the Umee chain computes an "exchange rate" between the base asset and its associated uToken. The exchange rate starts equal to 1, and increases as interest accrues. Whenever a lender deposits or withdraws base assets for uToken, the current exchange rate is used.

Reviewer: maybe link or refer to the place where the exchange rate is defined.
